Graphs: there are many possible projects involving graphs, each beginning by implementing a graph class and operations (via external or internal iterators) allowing for depth-first and breadth-first traversals. Varying implementations: Implement several versions of a graph class using adjacency-matrix, edge-list, and edge-set representations. Write a test program to compare the relative efficiencies for these implementations.

- Write a reachability operation that given two nodes, *i* and *j*, determines whether there exists a path in the graph from *i* to *j*. Write an operation that given node *i*, return a list or set of all the nodes reachable from *i*. Write an operation that computes a reachability matrix so future reachability queries can be answered in constant time. Include a test program.

- Implement a version of the graph class (perhaps by using inheritance) that allows for information to be stored at the edges as well as the nodes. A weighted graph is agraph with a number associated with each edge. Recall, a spanning tree is a tree consisting of all the nodes in a graph and a collection of edges from the graph that connect the nodes to make a tree (no loops). A minimum spanning tree of a weighted graph is a spanning tree of a graph such that the sum of all the weights along the edges of the tree is less than or equal to the sum of the weights along the edges of any other spanning tree for that graph. Write an operation to compute the minimum spanning tree of a weighted graph.

- A shortest path between nodes *i* and *j* in a graph is a path from *i* to *j* such that the sum of the weights of the edges along the path is less than or equal to the sum of the weights along the edges of any other path from *i* to *j*. (Ina graph without edge weights, we can pretend each edge has a weight of 1 and then a shortest path from *i* to *j* refers to a path from *i* to *j* with the fewest edges.) Write an operation to compute the shortest path between any two nodes in a graph.